README.md, before:

# Introduction

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/mgechev/angular2-seed](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/mgechev/angular2-seed?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/mgechev/angular2-seed.svg)](https://david-dm.org/mgechev/angular2-seed)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/mgechev/angular2-seed/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/mgechev/angular2-seed#info=devDependencies)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mgechev/angular2-seed.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mgechev/angular2-seed)

A seed project for Angular 2 apps.

It is something similar to the AngularJS Quick Start but does the entire build with gulp.

# How to start

**Note** that this seed project requires node v4.x.x or higher and npm 2.14.7.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mgechev/angular2-seed.git
cd angular2-seed
npm install       # or `npm run reinstall` if you get an error
npm start         # start with --env dev
npm run docs      # api document for app
```
_Does not rely on any global dependencies._

# Directory Structure

```
.
├── CONTRIBUTING.md
├── LICENSE
├── README.md
├── app
│   ├── assets
│   │   ├── img
│   │   │   └── smile.png
│   │   └── main.css
│   ├── bootstrap.ts
│   ├── components
│   │   ├── about
│   │   │   ├── about.html
│   │   │   ├── about.ts
│   │   │   └── about_spec.ts
│   │   ├── app
│   │   │   ├── app.css
│   │   │   ├── app.html
│   │   │   ├── app.ts
│   │   │   └── app_spec.ts
│   │   └── home
│   │       ├── home.css
│   │       ├── home.html
│   │       ├── home.ts
│   │       └── home_spec.ts
│   ├── index.html
│   └── services
│       ├── name_list.ts
│       └── name_list_spec.ts
├── appveyor.yml
├── circle.yml
├── dist
│   └── dev
│       ├── assets
│       │   └── img
│       │       └── smile.png
│       ├── bootstrap.js
│       ├── components
│       │   ├── about
│       │   │   └── about.js
│       │   ├── app
│       │   │   └── app.js
│       │   └── home
│       │       └── home.js
│       ├── index.html
│       └── services
│           └── name_list.js
├── gulpfile.ts
├── karma.conf.js
├── package.json
├── test
│   ├── components
│   │   ├── about
│   │   │   ├── about.js
│   │   │   └── about_spec.js
│   │   ├── app
│   │   │   ├── app.js
│   │   │   └── app_spec.js
│   │   └── home
│   │       ├── home.js
│   │       └── home_spec.js
│   └── services
│       ├── name_list.js
│       └── name_list_spec.js
├── test-main.js
├── tools
│   ├── config.ts
│   ├── tasks
│   │   ├── build.bundles.ts
│   │   ├── build.deps.ts
│   │   ├── build.docs.ts
│   │   ├── build.html_css.prod.ts
│   │   ├── build.img.dev.ts
│   │   ├── build.index.ts
│   │   ├── build.js.dev.ts
│   │   ├── build.js.prod.ts
│   │   ├── build.sass.dev.ts
│   │   ├── build.test.ts
│   │   ├── check.versions.ts
│   │   ├── clean.ts
│   │   ├── karma.start.ts
│   │   ├── npm.ts
│   │   ├── serve.docs.ts
│   │   ├── server.start.ts
│   │   ├── tsd.ts
│   │   ├── tslint.ts
│   │   ├── watch.dev.ts
│   │   ├── watch.serve.ts
│   │   └── watch.test.ts
│   ├── typings
│   ├── utils
│   │   ├── server.ts
│   │   ├── tasks-tools.ts
│   │   ├── template-injectables.ts
│   │   └── template-locals.ts
│   └── utils.ts
├── tsconfig.json
├── tsd.json
└── tslint.json

```

# Configuration

Default application server configuration

```javascript
var PORT             = 5555;
var LIVE_RELOAD_PORT = 4002;
var DOCS_PORT        = 4003;
var APP_BASE         = '/';
```

Configure at runtime

```bash
npm start -- --port 8080 --reload-port 4000 --base /my-app/
```

# Now to extend?

If you want to use your custom libraries:

```bash
npm install my-library --save
vim tools/config.js
```
Add reference to the installed library in `PATH.src.jslib` (or whatever you like).

# Running test

```bash
npm test

# Debug - In two different shell windows
npm run build.test.watch      # 1st window
npm run karma.start           # 2nd window
```

# Contributing

Please see the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/mgechev/angular2-seed/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) file for guidelines.

# Contributors

[<img alt="mgechev" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/455023?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/mgechev) |[<img alt="ludohenin" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1011516?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/ludohenin) |[<img alt="tarlepp" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/595561?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/tarlepp) |[<img alt="NathanWalker" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/457187?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/NathanWalker) |[<img alt="jesperronn" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6267?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/jesperronn) |[<img alt="aboeglin" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/8297302?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/aboeglin) |
:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |
[mgechev](https://github.com/mgechev) |[ludohenin](https://github.com/ludohenin) |[tarlepp](https://github.com/tarlepp) |[NathanWalker](https://github.com/NathanWalker) |[jesperronn](https://github.com/jesperronn) |[aboeglin](https://github.com/aboeglin) |

[<img alt="ryzy" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/994940?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/ryzy) |[<img alt="natarajanmca11" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/9244766?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/natarajanmca11) |[<img alt="jerryorta-dev" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/341155?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/jerryorta-dev) |[<img alt="JakePartusch" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6424140?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/JakePartusch) |[<img alt="larsthorup" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1202959?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/larsthorup) |[<img alt="TuiKiken" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/959821?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/TuiKiken) |
:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |
[ryzy](https://github.com/ryzy) |[natarajanmca11](https://github.com/natarajanmca11) |[jerryorta-dev](https://github.com/jerryorta-dev) |[JakePartusch](https://github.com/JakePartusch) |[larsthorup](https://github.com/larsthorup) |[TuiKiken](https://github.com/TuiKiken) |

[<img alt="johnjelinek" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/873610?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/johnjelinek) |[<img alt="evanplaice" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/303159?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/evanplaice) |[<img alt="ultrasonicsoft" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/4145169?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/ultrasonicsoft) |[<img alt="Brooooooklyn" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/3468483?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/Brooooooklyn) |[<img alt="tandu" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/273313?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/tandu) |[<img alt="markharding" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/851436?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/markharding) |
:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |
[johnjelinek](https://github.com/johnjelinek) |[evanplaice](https://github.com/evanplaice) |[ultrasonicsoft](https://github.com/ultrasonicsoft) |[Brooooooklyn](https://github.com/Brooooooklyn) |[tandu](https://github.com/tandu) |[markharding](https://github.com/markharding) |

[<img alt="mjwwit" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/4455124?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/mjwwit) |[<img alt="ocombe" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/265378?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/ocombe) |[<img alt="gdi2290" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1016365?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/gdi2290) |[<img alt="philipooo" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1702399?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/philipooo) |[<img alt="redian" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/816941?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/redian) |[<img alt="robertpenner" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/79827?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/robertpenner) |
:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |
[mjwwit](https://github.com/mjwwit) |[ocombe](https://github.com/ocombe) |[gdi2290](https://github.com/gdi2290) |[philipooo](https://github.com/philipooo) |[redian](https://github.com/redian) |[robertpenner](https://github.com/robertpenner) |

[<img alt="sclausen" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/916076?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/sclausen) |[<img alt="butterfieldcons" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/12204784?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/butterfieldcons) |[<img alt="jgolla" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1542447?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/jgolla) |[<img alt="dstockhammer" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1156637?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/dstockhammer) |
:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |
[sclausen](https://github.com/sclausen) |[butterfieldcons](https://github.com/butterfieldcons) |[jgolla](https://github.com/jgolla) |[dstockhammer](https://github.com/dstockhammer) |

# Change Log

You can follow the [Angular 2 change log here](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

# License

MIT

Commit message:

Add basic hot loading support

README.md, after:

# Introduction

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/mgechev/angular2-seed](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/mgechev/angular2-seed?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/mgechev/angular2-seed.svg)](https://david-dm.org/mgechev/angular2-seed)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/mgechev/angular2-seed/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/mgechev/angular2-seed#info=devDependencies)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mgechev/angular2-seed.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mgechev/angular2-seed)

A seed project for Angular 2 apps.

It is something similar to the AngularJS Quick Start but does the entire build with gulp.

# How to start

**Note** that this seed project requires node v4.x.x or higher and npm 2.14.7.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mgechev/angular2-seed.git
cd angular2-seed
npm install       # or `npm run reinstall` if you get an error
npm start         # start with --env dev
npm run docs      # api document for app
```

If you want to try the experimental [hot loading](http://blog.mgechev.com/2015/10/26/angular2-hot-loader-hot-loading-tooling/) support use:

```
npm start -- --hot-loader true
```

_Does not rely on any global dependencies._

# Directory Structure

```
.
├── CONTRIBUTING.md
├── LICENSE
├── README.md
├── app
│   ├── assets
│   │   ├── img
│   │   │   └── smile.png
│   │   └── main.css
│   ├── bootstrap.ts
│   ├── components
│   │   ├── about
│   │   │   ├── about.html
│   │   │   ├── about.ts
│   │   │   └── about_spec.ts
│   │   ├── app
│   │   │   ├── app.css
│   │   │   ├── app.html
│   │   │   ├── app.ts
│   │   │   └── app_spec.ts
│   │   └── home
│   │       ├── home.css
│   │       ├── home.html
│   │       ├── home.ts
│   │       └── home_spec.ts
│   ├── index.html
│   └── services
│       ├── name_list.ts
│       └── name_list_spec.ts
├── appveyor.yml
├── circle.yml
├── dist
│   └── dev
│       ├── assets
│       │   └── img
│       │       └── smile.png
│       ├── bootstrap.js
│       ├── components
│       │   ├── about
│       │   │   └── about.js
│       │   ├── app
│       │   │   └── app.js
│       │   └── home
│       │       └── home.js
│       ├── index.html
│       └── services
│           └── name_list.js
├── gulpfile.ts
├── karma.conf.js
├── package.json
├── test
│   ├── components
│   │   ├── about
│   │   │   ├── about.js
│   │   │   └── about_spec.js
│   │   ├── app
│   │   │   ├── app.js
│   │   │   └── app_spec.js
│   │   └── home
│   │       ├── home.js
│   │       └── home_spec.js
│   └── services
│       ├── name_list.js
│       └── name_list_spec.js
├── test-main.js
├── tools
│   ├── config.ts
│   ├── tasks
│   │   ├── build.bundles.ts
│   │   ├── build.deps.ts
│   │   ├── build.docs.ts
│   │   ├── build.html_css.prod.ts
│   │   ├── build.img.dev.ts
│   │   ├── build.index.ts
│   │   ├── build.js.dev.ts
│   │   ├── build.js.prod.ts
│   │   ├── build.sass.dev.ts
│   │   ├── build.test.ts
│   │   ├── check.versions.ts
│   │   ├── clean.ts
│   │   ├── karma.start.ts
│   │   ├── npm.ts
│   │   ├── serve.docs.ts
│   │   ├── server.start.ts
│   │   ├── tsd.ts
│   │   ├── tslint.ts
│   │   ├── watch.dev.ts
│   │   ├── watch.serve.ts
│   │   └── watch.test.ts
│   ├── typings
│   ├── utils
│   │   ├── server.ts
│   │   ├── tasks-tools.ts
│   │   ├── template-injectables.ts
│   │   └── template-locals.ts
│   └── utils.ts
├── tsconfig.json
├── tsd.json
└── tslint.json

```

# Configuration

Default application server configuration

```javascript
var PORT             = 5555;
var LIVE_RELOAD_PORT = 4002;
var DOCS_PORT        = 4003;
var APP_BASE         = '/';
```

Configure at runtime

```bash
npm start -- --port 8080 --reload-port 4000 --base /my-app/
```

# Now to extend?

If you want to use your custom libraries:

```bash
npm install my-library --save
vim tools/config.js
```
Add reference to the installed library in `PATH.src.jslib` (or whatever you like).

# Running test

```bash
npm test

# Debug - In two different shell windows
npm run build.test.watch      # 1st window
npm run karma.start           # 2nd window
```

# Contributing

Please see the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/mgechev/angular2-seed/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) file for guidelines.

# Contributors

[<img alt="mgechev" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/455023?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/mgechev) |[<img alt="ludohenin" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1011516?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/ludohenin) |[<img alt="tarlepp" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/595561?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/tarlepp) |[<img alt="NathanWalker" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/457187?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/NathanWalker) |[<img alt="jesperronn" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6267?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/jesperronn) |[<img alt="aboeglin" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/8297302?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/aboeglin) |
:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |
[mgechev](https://github.com/mgechev) |[ludohenin](https://github.com/ludohenin) |[tarlepp](https://github.com/tarlepp) |[NathanWalker](https://github.com/NathanWalker) |[jesperronn](https://github.com/jesperronn) |[aboeglin](https://github.com/aboeglin) |

[<img alt="ryzy" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/994940?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/ryzy) |[<img alt="natarajanmca11" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/9244766?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/natarajanmca11) |[<img alt="jerryorta-dev" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/341155?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/jerryorta-dev) |[<img alt="JakePartusch" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6424140?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/JakePartusch) |[<img alt="larsthorup" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1202959?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/larsthorup) |[<img alt="TuiKiken" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/959821?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/TuiKiken) |
:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |
[ryzy](https://github.com/ryzy) |[natarajanmca11](https://github.com/natarajanmca11) |[jerryorta-dev](https://github.com/jerryorta-dev) |[JakePartusch](https://github.com/JakePartusch) |[larsthorup](https://github.com/larsthorup) |[TuiKiken](https://github.com/TuiKiken) |

[<img alt="johnjelinek" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/873610?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/johnjelinek) |[<img alt="evanplaice" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/303159?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/evanplaice) |[<img alt="ultrasonicsoft" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/4145169?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/ultrasonicsoft) |[<img alt="Brooooooklyn" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/3468483?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/Brooooooklyn) |[<img alt="tandu" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/273313?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/tandu) |[<img alt="markharding" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/851436?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/markharding) |
:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |
[johnjelinek](https://github.com/johnjelinek) |[evanplaice](https://github.com/evanplaice) |[ultrasonicsoft](https://github.com/ultrasonicsoft) |[Brooooooklyn](https://github.com/Brooooooklyn) |[tandu](https://github.com/tandu) |[markharding](https://github.com/markharding) |

[<img alt="mjwwit" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/4455124?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/mjwwit) |[<img alt="ocombe" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/265378?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/ocombe) |[<img alt="gdi2290" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1016365?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/gdi2290) |[<img alt="philipooo" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1702399?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/philipooo) |[<img alt="redian" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/816941?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/redian) |[<img alt="robertpenner" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/79827?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/robertpenner) |
:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |
[mjwwit](https://github.com/mjwwit) |[ocombe](https://github.com/ocombe) |[gdi2290](https://github.com/gdi2290) |[philipooo](https://github.com/philipooo) |[redian](https://github.com/redian) |[robertpenner](https://github.com/robertpenner) |

[<img alt="sclausen" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/916076?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/sclausen) |[<img alt="butterfieldcons" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/12204784?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/butterfieldcons) |[<img alt="jgolla" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1542447?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/jgolla) |[<img alt="dstockhammer" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1156637?v=3&s=117" width="117">](https://github.com/dstockhammer) |
:---: |:---: |:---: |:---: |
[sclausen](https://github.com/sclausen) |[butterfieldcons](https://github.com/butterfieldcons) |[jgolla](https://github.com/jgolla) |[dstockhammer](https://github.com/dstockhammer) |

# Change Log

You can follow the [Angular 2 change log here](https://github.com/angular/angular/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md).

# License

MIT
